As a reminder, in this study
you're describing two types of
pictures to help us to create
naming target and for visual
treatment.
For the first item, it is a
complex scene, so take between
three and five minutes. I'm
going to just look at the time
it's you describe, describe what
you see and what is happening in
as much detail as you can, and
you can start when you're ready.
#START_exhibit_12 So this is an
art gallery. There are several
pictures that are framed on all
of on the walls, and they're
about three floors. So on the
ground floor, one of the
pictures I'm first drawn to on
the right side of the page is a
clown. He's got a Red Nose and
he's got a hat that's green with
little flowers. And then as you
go around.
There's also a famous painting.
Umm, it looks like that one
painting. It's like the American
dream or something, but it's got
the two. It's got the wife and
the husband, and she's wearing a
red blouse and he's wearing
blazer and that's almost to the
left side of the page and.
Then there's another picture of
a man with a really squiggly
orange mustache and those that's
right next to the stairs. It
looks like people are also
taking pictures down and buying
the art, which is very cool. Or
they're stealing it, or but
they're holding it, and so
they're walking up and down the
stairs with it. And if you go
all the way to the top floor.
There's a shark.
It looks like it's a painting,
but I it also appears to be
leaking water. So it could be an
aquarium, which is whim
mystical. And then there's also
a it looks like a person right
next to the shark. To the left
of the shark there's a person in
a red shirt and they have they
looks like they're inside.
Of.
A window, almost. It's not a
painting. It looks like a
window.
Um, and next to?
To the left of that, there are
almost like ladders on top of
each other that people are
climbing up to get to the
paintings and be able to see the
paintings.
And then there's also a picture.
There's two sets of four
paintings on either side of
those those ladders, they're all
gold and they all they show show
a variety of different hats, the
tops of hats. And then at the
bottom are the people that are
wearing the hats, and they're
all kind of mixed and matched.
So you can see that that one
woman has a pointy pink hat, and
then on the right side she's
sitting there with the bottom
half of the pointy pink hat.
And there's another painting of
somebody that's wearing it's a
green painting to the left. It's
fairly large, so on that third
floor, and it's somebody that
looks like they're playing the
banjo or they're holding
something.
And they have a brown vest on
and a red handkerchief with a
white hat and a blue bow tie
around the hat. And above that
is a pink flower that is in.
What is the name? I'm thinking
of scalloped painting. It's like
a scalloped painting. Umm. And
then there are two big ladders
that are on the 2nd floor that
are kind of surrounding the
depiction of the picture that
says exhibit 12. And people are
climbing up there and hanging
from there and they're.
All just looks like they're.
Yeah, it looks like they're all
kind of painting that as well.
And then on the 2nd floor, it
looks like all the way to the
left, right below the shark. It
looks like there's a person
that's imprisoned and you can
tell from the bars.
And they're holding on to them
like they're imprisoned.
#END_exhibit_12
Wait, that's about 5 minutes
ohh. OK, alright great. Moving
on to the next one.
Again, when you're ready.
#START_waldo_1 This just looks
like it's a town. In the middle
of the town is is In the
triangle there is a fountain
that somebody is.
Um, scuba diving in and they've
got a snorkel. They're
snorkeling in it and they have
flippers and they're both green,
and that's in the middle of the
Town Center. And there are cars
kind of all around. Directly
behind the fountain is a car
accident between a red car and a
yellow truck.
And you can tell from the smoke
that's coming out and the fact
that they have bumped into each
other and then going further
back, if you go.
Back behind the red car there is
a green car that looks like it's
also being worked on. It looks
like it's kind of fallen apart
and so it seems to be at a
mechanic.
Office or the mechanic and it's
getting worked on there and then
if you come before the yellow
truck.
There is somebody on a
motorcycle or it looks like a
snowmobile of some sort, right?
And there's a yellow truck and
then a blue car and almost in a
snowmobile of some of some kind
just kind of zooming about and
throughout the whole picture,
people are meandering throughout
the streets.
There is a farmers market of
some sort that appears to be
going on at the bottom of the
page and they there you can tell
from the various different
stands that there are as well as
the plants that are being sold,
the blue and white.
Stand has several plants and
someone standing outside of
them.
And then if you go above to the
left side of the page, there are
two men or people that have
their they're cleaners, and they
have turned their buckets into
hats and now they're fighting
each other with their mops and
they're wearing their blue
overalls. And then on the pink
house that is behind there, a
puppy or an animal of some sort
has escaped on the roof of the
pink and Red House.
And a person is kind of climbing
all over the top of the roof,
the red roof, in his white shirt
and Gray pants, and trying to
get the puppy. And so he's it
looks like a little boy in a red
suit.
And meanwhile, the mom or wife
of some sort is has her head out
the window and she's trying to
direct them to get the dog.
And then behind the red, behind
the red and pink house, there is
it looks like a school. You can
tell from the several groups of
children that are all going and
there's a crossing guard.
And a person that is standing in
a Gray suit, kind of directing
the children to go into the
school.
And then next to that there is
also a bicycle. There's a bunch
of people on bikes.
And they are doing it looks like
they fell.
Um, and now there are doctors
and ambulances and coming
towards them.
And.
Yeah. Also at the beginning next
to, I'm just circling back, Next
to the fountain, there's a
statue of a soldier with a bow
and arrow. #END_waldo_1
It's OK, you go to the next one.
Next one.
It's part of a story. Again,
it's scribe what is happening
and what you see as we go
through this story and try to
take between 10 and 15 minutes
to do so.
OK.
#START_arrival_4 Umm, so someone
is. So man is getting ready.
He's showering, he's shaving,
he's putting on his clothes and
his dress shoes and he's getting
his money for the day. Grabbing
his hat and he opens up his map.
And he's taking his map and
getting ready to go out into the
world, and next to him is a
little.
Shark fish, and it follows on
the heels of him as he goes into
the city. He's reading the map
as he goes into the city and his
shark pet is on hot on the
heels. And then it broadens out
into the picture of the whole
city where there are boats that
are flying like airplanes, kind
of through the air, and the
stops that they're all at look
like teepees almost. They are
all.
Kind of coming to a point and
they're very cylindrical.
So the shark meets with a shark
pet meets a little owl bird, an
owl Bunny, rabbit thing. Umm.
And so those they meet and he
turns around to see who belongs
to and it belongs to this woman.
And so he starts conversing with
her saying, do you know where I
am? And she's showing him on the
map, showing him this is where
we are. Umm you need to buy a
ticket from some for something.
And she shows him towards the
ticket booth and rings up the
phone number and pulls the lever
and it disposes out a ticket and
she notices that this is the
ticket that you need.
And um, she's showing him what's
on the ticket and he's looking
at her and they're discussing
the ticket a little bit more.
And she points up and says this
is how you get on to one of the
boats that are floating through
the sky. And so he's standing on
the edge and they're observing
the boats as the boat lowers
into.
The ground for people to get on
board so him and his shark pet,
they both go board and their
ticket gets.
Stamped by the ticket collector,
and he ushers them on board. So
once they're on board, he's
talking to the woman a little
bit more. The one with the the
Bunny owl and.
Um, he's discussing like this is
who I'm looking for. I'm looking
for this child.
And he pulls out a picture and
it's a picture of a child that's
gone missing. And and she says,
oh, me too, I'm also looking for
a child that's gone missing. And
she pulls out a picture.
And it appears to be like a
missing child or a birth
certificate of some kind, but it
has a child on it. And then
there's a it's a flashback
sequence of some kind because
the child that she's holding the
picture of, it shows them.
They're reading. They get
attacked by people that they
don't know. We can't see their
face. So it's somebody that is
stealing her book away, locking
it away. You cannot read.
The book you must shovel and do
hard labor and so they hand her
a shovel and force her to make
coal, it looks like and shovel
coal into the fire and just kind
of clean the grate and make sure
that she's doing a lot of hard
labor.
And it's revealed that there are
several children that are doing
this, and they're all
participating in this type of
hard labor that is fueling coal
into a sort of factory system.
And she cries and she wants to
escape. And so one night she
uses her shovel to break out of
wherever they're keeping her.
She sneaks out. She gets in and
takes her book.
Back. And she runs away and she
runs towards the train station.
She hops onto an abandoned train
and sits there and takes off
into the night on the train.
So they're on board the boat and
they're looking out and
observing the town, the village
that they're going through, and
they're sitting on there. She's
pointing out different signs,
thought the conductor, I'm
assuming, yells out that this is
a stop for some people.
And he shakes her the woman's
hand, the man and him and his
shark pet get off. He looks up
and notices that he is now in
the city. There is a lizard with
an a sort with a bowl bowl of
fruits of some sort, and below
that there is more fruits in
little bowls and things. And
he's looking out over it and
just.
observing it.
And observing the city before
him.
So they go through the city and
they're walking through city
city, him and his shark pet and
they get to.
{I'm trying is it a cross or
down? So yeah the two pages so
this is on the right and then go
across and down.
Alright, so go across and then.
On each separate page, we'll go
from there. OK. Yeah. OK. OK.
Like I have been doing.}
But so they're going through the
city and then he stops at a
market. He's asking to buy
things.
He's noticing that they have
several different they have, it
looks like, squid of some sort
and fish people are buying.
Food from little.
Almost vending machine type of
things. People are observing
different pets or variation of
fish to be sold and he's looking
around. He has a grocery list of
what he has to buy. So we see an
apple, milk, cheese, bread, fish
and potatoes of some sort and
Umm his fish or his little pet
says look if we get this from.
The vending machine and pull it
out. There are some type of
fruit. It looks like it looks
like a strawberry.
Looking on his list, he doesn't
see strawberries on it.
But.
He and but someone pulls it out
and says, do you want this? It's
a little boy and his father.
They say, do you want the the
strawberry? He says, no, I need
bread and I want it to be
sliced. You can kind of tell
from the hand motion that he's
doing that he wants it to be cut
up.
Um, and so they say, OK, if you
press this button, it's going to
give you bread. And so they're
moving to the buttons, you know,
when you open it.
Umm. He hands him a gourd. So
he's handing him a gourd and the
man looks at the gourd, gives it
a sniff.
The little boy offers him a
basket to carry his groceries
in, and the father and little
boy kind of show him on his way.
And then they offer him a shrimp
of some sort and a magical corn.
Or it's almost like a cornucopia
with light that comes out little
speckles of light. The dad also
pulls off leaves and says these
are very good. The little boys
holding a giant strawberry, they
offer him.
Umm.
A clam or octopus.
A snake.
Like thing with the ball on the
end.
There's also a.
Another fish that kind of ribbed
on the side with scales that
stand up straight, almost like
hair follicles.
And then there's a looks like a
zucchini. It's got a spiral or a
starred inside where not star
but there are six different
breaks kind of like a a pie
splitting split. It's when you
cut it the cross section of
almost put a pie cutting. It
looks like. Little boy's eating
the fruit. The man
tries the squash. They feed the
shark and at the end of it he's
got a collection of goodies for
the grocery store. So the little
boy whispers that he wants to
show the man something. The dad
says why don't we show you
around towards the boat the
little boy is pointing and they
take him into a harbor full of
several boats.
The little boy brings him over
and motions him over to a
particular boat with a.
It's just a vase, and the vase
has a tail that's peeking out
from it. And so the man is
confused and he looks inside and
then the tail starts to come out
more and then the man dropped
his groceries. He's like, what's
going on? He's very disoriented,
the man and the father that
reassures him. He says it's fine
and out pops a dragon. It looks
like a dragon or a cat of some
sort with a spiky tail.
And it's their pet. So little
boy holds the Dragon cat and the
man meets him and says, What are
you? this is crazy.
And the shark pet, his shark
pet, and their dragon seemed to
be kind of standing off against
one another, but they they don't
seem to have any problems. So
the man picks up his groceries
and he tells Umm he's talking to
the father and he's like, what's
going on? I have to I have to
draw this. And so he starts he
he breaks out the drawing and
you see a the Dragon cat tail.
Kind of flying over.
The.
A bunch of houses and the man's
like, look at this, this is the
drawing that I have and the
father is taken aback. He's
shocked. Um, but he looks up and
you kind of pin in on his face
and he starts seeing flames.
#END_arrival_4
OK, good. So that was the story.
That was good. That was really
good. That was about 10-11
minutes.
OK, so for the next item, again
it is a story.
Tell the story what you're what
you see and what is happening as
we go through the pages.
#START_flowerman So there is a
person who looks like a little
old person with their dog. They
have a green jacket on, they've
got their hat on. It appears to
be Halloween because it's an
abandoned village, all Gray and
the sky is all purple. So it
does appear to be a very spooky
we see the ravine is that the
bridge is crossing over is
completely dried out. There are.
Cars that have crashed into it,
there's boats that have been
sunk to the bottom. It's looking
pretty bleak.
So this old person is walking
with their dog. They're
illuminated by the light of the
town. Besides the sky, They are
the only color in the entire
area. There's nobody really out
on the street. Somebody's riding
a motorcycle, but there's not a
lot of nightlife.
And so he's just walking through
the village.
And when he gets through the
village, he stops at a abandoned
house. The House has a for sale
sign and that we can now see
that this person has a bag of
luggage with them. We start to
see more people. They're all
still Gray, so none of them are
really doing anything. They're
all just kind of going about
their lives. Somebody seems to
be painting, a couple people
seem to.
Look despondent next to the
fountain.
But most of them are all just
inside of their house,
participating in their night.
And as the days go by, this man
starts to bring some color into
the neighborhood. He starts
painting the house blue and
purple and has his lawn mower.
The grass looks really green.
Everything is still Gray. People
are still participating in their
daily lives. But.
He's bringing some color into it
and we really get that focal
point of him as he starts to
rebuild this house that was once
broken.
Umm.
And then the man, the old man,
is planting.
And the house is in full bloom.
It's got a beautiful brightly
colored orange tree of flowers.
The roof is fully purple with a
multi colored fire place.
his grass is really green, the
shutters are blue. And now we
see that he's not the only
person that is in color. There
is a little girl with red hair
and a yellow blouse and a blue
skirt, and she's walking the
streets and he's he's waving to
her, and everyone else is still
Gray.
Um, and slowly things are
starting to look a little bit
more colored in in the village,
the little redheaded girl is now
wearing the green jacket that
that old man once donned. There
are more people that are
starting to have color there we
see the red headed girl is with
another old man. Actually this
is just a different red haired
child. But every there's more
color now.
We can start to see that there
are some red shutters that with
multi colored shingles on the
roof and so this old man is
really starting to bring some
light. His face is looking a
little Gray, but everybody else
is starting to really come to
life. We see, we see that
happening.
So now, I mean the town is
pretty much fully in bloom with
everything very col like multi
colored. The cars are now
colored with their orange, we
see the milk that there's a milk
carton.
That delivery truck that's
coming by and has red lettering,
people are dancing in the
street.
Uh, they all
Are brought to life with color
and the man and his wife, I'm
assuming, and their children are
grilling outside of their house,
their little home, and you can
tell the impact. Everybody's out
on the streets again and there's
really, you can see that they're
not just doing what they're
doing in life and looking drab
about it, but the person that
was once painting before now has
become an artist and.
The person that was just sitting
staring at their walls is now
looking outdoors and engaged and
they're all really engaging with
each other a lot more. A little
boy that was once really sad on
the fountain is now playing in
the water, so.
a lot happier.
Um, in night starts to fall
again.
The old man's leaving, packing
his bags. Everybody's out of the
house.
Doing their
Engaging in certain things. The
person that stared at the wall
is now on the rooftop doing who
knows what. There's a couple
that's up on the roof as well
that are snuggling and observing
the view. Umm, another old man
is looking on a telescope with
two of the children.
And the little girl who had the
green jacket from the old man,
she's now playing in the street
with other children and and so
everybody's just really
engaging. Everybody in the town
is really engaging with one
another. And the fountain is in
full bloom again. And it looks
like it's becoming dusk as the
lights turn on and it becomes
night time. But the old man
seems to be leaving.
So he leaves, and again, there's
light in the village there.
Everything is still so colorful
and brought to life, and people
seem really happy. You can see a
couple mingling in their window
next to the cafe. There's a
family out observing they're on
on their roof, and he's he's
leaving the way he came, he's
walking back to town, and he's
getting ready to leave, the old
man.
And and then it shows us back to
a flashback when he first bought
the house.
He has a magical diamond.
I don't know what that is, but
he has some type of magical key
with him when he first arrived
to town.
And he's got his luggage and his
dog. But when he first got to
the town, this is he had some
magical object.
And.
Maybe it was a flower, but he
gave it to this little girl that
has a she's got her red jacket,
she's also in color and she's
got her red jumper on and the
old another person that she's
with, her father, I'm assuming.
he has a red bow tie. So he also
has a flower, and they both have
flowers. She has a pink one, he
has a red one, and the old man
is walking away, so maybe he
gave them flowers. They look
really happy to have been given
something and they're both in
color, so that does give us a
hint as to the impact maybe has.
#END_flowerman
OK. That was the story he could
sell and we can go on to the
next item.
And it's the story. Umm.
So.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as we go through
it.
Sorry.
#START_quest So this is for
Darcy and we are.
Similar to the last story that
there was, there is, I think
this is a continuation because
there's the bike with the two
wheels that the kids once drew.
It's a so they had drawn a red.
There's a red tire and a pink
tire reflecting her red marker
and his pink marker. He has his
pink bird on his shoulders and
they're standing out in a park
under a bridge, taking shelter
from the rain.
And they're watching this tree
as they oh not tree door as they
take shelter from the rain.
And out of the door comes a
magician with or a king or some
type of maid with an orange
marker that has an orange crown,
and they have an orange cloak
on.
Darcy and the boy with the pink
marker are both caught off
guard. They're shocked. What's
going on? And he shows them a
picture of it's a circle of a
green, blue, pink, red, orange
and yellow.
Collection of rings. And he's
he's pointing, he has his finger
up to his lips, like don't tell
anybody, but he's showing them
and he he gives it to them. And
as he's giving them his marker,
his Satch, his satchel, and the
picture, he is taken away by
guards. And so he dropped his
marker. They pick up his and
they they take the guards, take
him away. And the girl and the
boy are left, and the marker is
on the ground.
So they pick up his marker, they
put it in their stack, the
stachel that he gave them, and
they're thinking we have to go
after him. So she draws the key
and he draws the key, and they
both use their keys to unlock
the door, and they go through
the door and they take the bird
with them.
And then they come out into a
magical Kingdom. You we see the
Orange King being taken away on
a boat by a bunch of guards, we
can tell by his orange crown,
and they hide in a behind a rock
and they watch as he disappears.
But the Kingdom seems to be on
fire. There's fire everywhere.
And there's smoke billowing out
from everywhere and people seem
to be needing to escape so could
be under attack.
And so they point. So they're
looking at the paper that he
gave them as the Kingdom kind of
goes up in flames and it's a
rainbow circle.
And each.
Circle that is colored kind of
build off of 1 another to make a
complete rainbow. So the pink
Umm, and within and inside each
ring is a different place. The
pink marker came from a palm
tree. The red marker came from a
tree house with cages.
Which we did see in the other
one, but she was in a cage and
then an orange. The Orange One
comes from the Kingdom and then
the yellow comes from underwater
type of situation underwater.
Kingdom.
I don't know what the green is.
It looks like a skyscraper with
a bridge.
of some sort and lots of birds.
And then the blue looks like a
mountain, so they all connect to
one another.
Umm.
Umm.
So as so then they're spotted by
the man with the gold hat that
we had seen capture the pink
bird beforehand.
And in the last book he had
captured the pink bird. And so
they're they're spotted by him
and so like OK, we got to escape
and they draw.
Snorkels and flippers, and he
draws tentacles.
And.
Holds on to the tentacles of.
They both go into the water.
Oh, he draws an octopus, and
they all go into the water and
hold on to the octopus.
Um, they even the bird has
snorkel gear that's so cute. And
they're going down into the Umm.
Underwater city to collect one
of the other rings that they
have to collect the next ring
they have to collect which
Because they have the pink, the
orange and the red Now, so they
have to go and collect the
yellow.
When they get down there, they
find the yellow marker. It's in
a.
I believe it sits on a, sea,
it's on a seahorse sculpture, so
they pick it up, she puts in her
sacks, but they're being
followed by the person with the
gold, the gold snorkel warrior,
the Gold Warrior. I'm just don't
even know what to call him. But
they're being followed. And so
they spot them. So they're like,
OK, we have to get out of here,
we have to go get the next one.
So, but they they have the
yellow marker now, they come out
on the land and they immediately
start to draw their next
getaway, which looks to be some
type of animal that they'll
escape on.
And it's a rhinoceros.
And so they have they take the
rhinoceros.
Um, into. To get to the next
marker, which again is at the
top of a high tower, you have to
cross a really rickety bridge to
get.
So their rhinoceros starts to
take them there and takes them
through this jungle with all of
these ruins of pyramids and
such.
So yeah.
So then they cross the bridge
and they go to get.
They crossed the bridge to go
get the ye, the green. We can
see the green marker is at the
top of.
Appear of that skyscraper. It's
glowing. The bird is in pursuit
and they're just crossing the
bridge to go get it over this
really deep.
Water, yeah, far drop.
And once they get to the green
marker, they realize they're
still being pursued by the
Warriors, that they are trying
to capture them as well. Now
they have the pink, orange, red,
green, yeah, and green markers.
So they only have one more left
to go, I believe. And so they
start to build their next
getaway path, which looks like
it could. It's going to be
wings.
And it's a giant.
oh my god what insect is that,
oh that's a dragonfly. There is
a dragonfly and they swing on
the dragonfly as the guards
reach to get them and they
missed them just in time, but
the dragonfly starts to take
them towards the mountain top to
get the last marker.
This is good.
When they get to the top,
they're still in being pursued
by the guards. It seems to be
this temple type of situation.
And at the top is a blue marker.
And so they collect the blue
marker, and then they have all
of the colors of the markers.
They have every single one of
them. They have a pink, blue,
green, yellow, orange and red,
in that order, and they have all
the markers.
Umm.
And then at the last minute, the
bird takes the satchel and the
guards try to reach for the bird
to capture the bird. The and
they don't know what to do, they
don't have their markers.
oh no, so they're coming in on
these blimps. There's the guards
as they're reaching for the pink
bird, they.
The pink bird has the satchel
and they're all going for it.
They have a cage in the hand.
All of a sudden out from the
markers pop like Rainbow that
knock all of the guards.
It's so powerful it knocks all
of their blimp sideways and they
all go full flying out of it and
the bird is holding on to the
satchel as it flies through the
sky.
And this rainbow is so bright
that it goes all the way through
the Kingdom and hit.
The boat where the Orange King
was being held captive and.
He's rejoicing as the guards are
knocked off of it and even some
of the people. Maybe they were
also captured, but pretty
celebratory, but the guards have
all been knocked off by the
power of the rainbow.
And throughout the entire
Kingdom we see the rainbow has
lit everything up. There is a
parade going through the village
now where we see the octopus
that helps them get the.
Yellow marker, the rhinoceros
that helped them get the green
marker that the little boy, the
little girl in the king are all
riding on as it flows through
the.
aqueduct. We see the dragonfly
floating in the sky, and our
bird and the rainbow has lit
everything up and restored
everything back to its former
power.
And so then when they get to the
landing, the king is very
grateful for them. He draws them
their own little crowns of
orange and sends them back
through, and he places it on
their head as they kneel down.
And then he sends them back
through the doorway.
OK.
And as they stand in the
doorway, they realize that it's
stopped raining and a rainbow
has come over the city. And they
watched the rainbow, and they're
reminded of their just recent
adventure with their bird.
#END_quest
OK, that was good.
We'll do one more item and then
we'll take a break, alright?
Alright.
#START_unfriendly_giants So this
is the land of the Giants.
We see that all of them are just
giant people in relativity to
the tinier people that we see
kind of scattered around. There
are giants that are playing
chess with little people,
regular sized people, I'm
assuming. And we see that
because of the patterned yellow
and blue markings of the chess
board and the way that the
people are positioned and
they're grabbing people.
As they need pawns from people
around them and you kind of tell
from the hand motions that
they're portraying, there's also
giants that are drinking lake.
Umm, they have straws as they're
sucking up the lake and then one
of them is spitting it back onto
people?
There are then there is another
giant that's offering flowers to
what appears to be a giant
scarecrow woman. Or like a
giant, almost like a Trojan
horse situation. She appears to
be wooden and behind her as a
giant mallet to smash on the
head of the Giant.
And so there are people all
around them.
Using that to capture.
The.
Well, and then there's another
giant that seems to be playing a
trick on all those people and
has a rope wrapped around them.
Um, and around the.
And.
There's another giant that has
another rope wrapped around him
and he's dragging people
throughout the.
The scene.
as they're attached to the back
of him.
And then we see another giant
woman or a giant man that's also
attracted to this giant woman
Trojan horse. She's wearing her
red blouse and her blue skirt,
and she has another hammer as
well. And then in the back we
see Giants going toward the
Kingdom. They're going to go
step on the Kingdom.
And.
Cause chaos.
Over there and there we see
little people coming out of
there. There's a windmill that
giants are. There's a giant
that's spinning the windmill
over and over again.
And throughout the entire scene
there are several different
Trojan horses.
Women scarecrows for the human
to bong the giants and.
They're just harassing all of
the people and we can see from
the Kingdom as they March up to
them to go and capture some of
the people.
Umm.
Trying to see what else.
There is.
Giants that are being oh,
there's a giant kind of scaling
some trees next to the village.
There are trees around that
people are hiding in, and the
giant is kind of climbing over
to go kidnap those people.
They're also stepping over the
ravine that is separating the
Kingdom.
From people like the Giants and
the people, they're just
stepping over it like it's
nothing.
And.
Some of the giant's, all of them
are men, all of the giants are
men, and they're all wearing.
Various different scarves around
their neck.
Um, with different types of
tunics.
There are several of them are
just like the ones that are
playing the chess.
They have multiple different
colors on they're laying on the
ground, they're swatting people
out of the way or grabbing them
to use in the chess match.
#END_unfriendly_giants
And yeah, OK, so that's time.
Let's take a break and come back
at 5.
OK.
OK, moving on to the next item.
Again, this is a complex scene.
Please describe what you see and
what is happening.
#START_airport So this is an
airport scene. We can kind of
tell from all of the different
types of airplanes that there
are. There are like 6 or 7 of
it. The airplane, people with
luggage, there are cars that are
going around with.
Uh, that are transporting
luggage. There's also a car
that's that's spraying people
with water that seems to be on
the loose.
There's a group of people that
are smoking around the luggage,
taking their smoke break around
the luggage, just kind of
decompressing.
From the day, Umm, there are.
The pilots are standing on the
wing of one of the planes as
people exit the flight, get off
of the plane that way, right
onto the runway, and they're
coming in and you can see the
airport with the baggage check.
Baggage check is just like has
it going down the circular shoot
and going around. There are
people that are waiting to get
tickets.
Um, and looks like the TSA line
where they're throwing out like.
All sorts of stuff. And it's
hitting the other TSA members.
There's another person that he
got stripped down or got his
opened up his jacket and they're
like 12 knives. Umm, so kind of
going through TSA and then.
Uh, there's also a you look over
and there are people checking
bags onto the plane.
And then we see one of the
planes as well, the farthest to
the right. The stairs were not
moved over because one of the
employees was talk was talking
or something. And so people are
just falling out of the plane
onto the runway. There's a
really old.
Wooden plane with a ace of
spades card in the pilot center.
Um. And then there's one plane
where the front, the nose of the
plane has completely opened up.
And the pilots are standing
there.
And then there is a blimp.
Um, there are. There's also an
airplane that has Eagles wings
that's flying through the air.
There is a hot air balloon
that's being filled up with hot
air.
There's another.
It's kind of old.
Tech plane that has the two
wings at the top and the bottom
and it's flying through the air
and it's red. It's right next to
the blimp. There's a rocket ship
and a UFO to the farthest right
of the page. The rocket ship is
flying right above command
central and or the furthest left
and the UFO is also next to one
of the other planes as it flies
through the air.
Umm. And then there are
elephants that are being boarded
onto one of the planes all the
way up the back.
And.
There are several different
flags that are near the
helicopter. It looks like the
French flag is about to be
chopped down by the helicopter.
There is an American flag, a
British flag, a German flag,
Italian flag, a French flag, and
several of them have been
knocked over by a helicopter.
There are. There's a tractor
trailer that is carrying people
and animals and cows.
and it pulls uh people and their
luggage through the.
Umm.
Runway area.
Um, there are people that are
boarding a bus that will take
them to their plane.
Blue bus that you can tell
they're all getting on to the
plane. They all have their
luggage.
And that's pretty typical. There
are cars that are carts that are
yellow. They're charting around
the luggage as they kind of go
around the runway area.
And.
All of the employees are all
wearing blue.
And so that is usually that's
the distinguisher between them
and the other pedestrians that
are walking throughout.
#END_airport
OK, that's about 5 minutes. OK,
that's good. Then we can go on
to the next one. It's.
A graphic novel.
So please describe what you see
and what is happening as you
tell the story.
#START_arrival_6 Alright, so
it's a pot and there's a bird
that goes over to the pot and
Umm kind of looks it sits on the
edge and then jumps into it.
Um and.
As it's against the mirror and
we see a man writing a letter
and then folding it up and
turning it into a swan, placing
the swan and several bills of
cash into an envelope and
mailing it, getting ready to
mail it, he brings it down. This
is the same man that has the
shark pet.
And he asked a woman, where do I
mail this off to? And he presses
a button, turns the key and Umm,
mails off his.
Letter and instead of it just
sitting like a regular post like
post mail, drop-off. It.
Releases a balloon and flows up
into the sky.
Umm, there are several leaves
that are all around.
There is one lease that is.
Breaking into two so it follows
the path of each leaf throughout
the season.
So this particular leave
Splits in the rain and then
opens up into two wings with a
bulb in the middle and the bulb
ends up. It's actually all one
flower, so the bulb, the leaves
of the flower tend to melt away
and the bulb just keeps getting
bigger and growing. Umm, the
fibers of the flower start to
stretch as well as the.
Circle gets bigger and bigger
and bigger and it starts to
become brighter and brighter.
The fibers become so fine, quite
similar to a dandelion, and the
dandelion fibers break off and
they start to fly away,
revealing a scalloped flower.
Almost like if you drew like a
little flower as a kid with lots
of different petals that are
separated with a a fiber in the
middle.
One of those fibers. They shrink
into about 6 different buds.
It's almost like bean size and
the beans fall off and little
animals go around and pick up
the beans and then it's just a
green blank flower and then as
the winter comes.
Parts of the flowers start to
break away.
And it becomes more and more
fibrous and very fragile, with a
delicate tracing of the flower
and it.
Fibers until it's lined and we
can see where the pedals and the
beans were.
But there's no inner casing.
It's just the inner fibers of
this flower. And it's in snow.
It's encased in the snow.
So now it's snowing and it's
winter time in this little.
Yeah, it's winter time in this
village and we can tell from the
snow that's kind of going around
as well as all of the flowers
that we just kind of saw that
you see a little bit on the left
side of the page or on the right
side of the page that are just
very small and and fibrous and
very snowy.
Um.
So we get we see the pot again
that's beginning to fill up with
more and more birds as they get
cold. The man is looking at a
picture in his bedroom window.
This shark pet looks very sad,
but he's just resting and he
automatically hears something
and darts towards downstairs.
The man looks up from his framed
picture and goes down to his
fellow, and he sees that they
got mail. And the man looks so
relieved he opens up the mail
and sees.
A paper bird. He opens it up and
it's a letter, and he looks
outside to see who could have
dropped it off.
Um.
And then we see a series of
different objects. We see the
shark pet that is in an origami
paper shark pet.
A cabinet of some sort. It's
like a metallic cabinet, but we
see that those are dishes inside
his hat and his wife headscarf
from the last story. We see the
squash that he's got on his
grocery trip, the child's
drawing of the.
Boats in the sky.
I'm assuming a tea kettle.
Uh, because of the smoke that's
coming from it? No, it's coffee.
It's coffee pot, because then it
shows us coffee that is also
hot.
And a coffee mug. The picture.
The framed picture of the
husband, his wife and his child.
And someone handing him a coin.
And.
Then it's flashes to their home.
And we see all of those
different pieces altogether.
They're having a nice meal
together, the father is holding
up three fingers, and they must
be playing some type of guessing
game or counting. Maybe it's a
birthday. Maybe it's her
birthday.
And the shark, little creature,
their pet is at the foot of the
child. And then she goes to put
on her snow boots, go outside
and play in the snow pet hands
her her hat and she's so gets
her hat all situated. And she
and her pet run outside and they
see light beaming on the ground
of the city and they start to
rise up into the air.
#END_arrival_6
OK, that was good. There was
this story, the next one.
Another part of it.
#START_arrival_3 Alright, so
there's a boy that's standing on
the side of the road with a
sign.
A woman is holding a cat
creature. These all seemed to be
a little depictions of what's
going on in the city cat
creature. A man is getting
shaved. There is a band that's
playing in the street.
Umm, so that some type of horn
they've got some type of violin
uh
Carts for coffee, giant eggs.
Women sitting in some type of, I
think, reading at the train
station, reading a magazine and
then we get back to the man with
his luggage.
And he's looking at the time. He
has his pocket watch, he's
looking nervously at the time,
and then he's looking nervously
up at the bigger clock. He's
realizing he might be late. So
he takes his suitcase. He starts
walking, and he sees the
speckles in the sky that are
floating up, and he's very
confused. And all of a sudden
his hat is blown off his head
and falls to the ground and he
goes.
Pick up the hat and sees a map
on the ground and he picks up
his book and starts to see
what's going on and try and
understand and someone
approaches him and ask him if
he's OK and he starts to depict
what's going on and he asks do
you have a room?
Umm.
And the man says, yes, I do have
a room, follow me. And so the
man takes his suitcase and
follows the other man and his
pet. #END_arrival_3
OK, so moving on, the next item
is a complex scene and describe
what is what you see and what is
happening in as much detail as
you can.
#START_ancient_rome So this is
an ancient Rome depiction scene.
It looks like a gladiator ring.
So the ring is all around. There
are gladiators fighting
throughout.
In the corner lions they're
piling on top of one another to
escape from the gladiator ring,
so they've built almost like a a
lion pyramid to crawl out of.
And they're attacking the people
that are in the.
Street that are in the.
Seats and then there's also.
Of a horse that is.
Rather than the comparison of a
chariot with a person being
towed by horses, there is a
horse being towed by human
beings.
And they're running throughout
and that's also with the kind of
in progression with a lot of
other Chariots. There's bunch of
horses running wild with people
holding on for dear life behind
them and.
They are being flattened. Oh, my
gosh. They're flattening people
all throughout.
There's a lion that has a bib
and has a man in a blue bowl and
is getting them ready for. So
you got a fork and a knife, like
he's getting ready to eat him.
And next to the Blue Bowl,
another person is preparing a.
Bowl of milk in a red bowl.
There are several cheetahs that
are kind of around.
But not not as relevant, but
they're next to the horses and
everything.
And we see.
Several different yeah, we see
the cheetahs running around. The
Lions have kind of all escaped.
Chaos has ensued.
There are lions coming out of
this hole as warriors have
pressed themselves up against
the wall so as not to be seen by
the the Lions.
Umm, in again at at the back of
the gladiator ring there is a
picture of a man next to a
picture of a lion and someone
seems to be taking score of how
many times the lion has won over
the man, and the man has no
scores tallied under him. It's
all for the lion.
We also see above that gated
hole there are about. There are
a bunch of guards that are all
standing at attention and some
type of ruler seems to be
watching all of this chaos from
a pink bed and just laying in
bed and watching it all unfold.
The guards don't seem to be
concerned at all, they are just
standing at attention and
watching all of this go down.
Several of there to the left of
the guards there are people that
have escaped the lion down in
the ring, only for a lion to be
waiting for them at the top.
And.
To the right we all of the
guards. We also see that these
people have kind of built human
ladder and are trying to escape
the ring. #END_ancient_rome
OK.
Right. That was about time. We
can go on to the next one.
#START_arrival_5 Alright, so
this is in a city there looks,
or a village of some sort
they're used to. It looks like
there are owls.
Statues that have birds coming
out of them. Maybe they're
aviaries.
But this is the scene that of
the village is these five or six
giant bird statues that have
birds coming out of them. And so
then we see a cat statue.
and someone starts to wrap it
up.
The man we saw earlier is
showing.
The the father we saw earlier
was showing the man something as
the little boy, his dragon cat
and the little pet go upstairs.
Oh they're meeting with they're
meeting family meeting his
family so little boy is
bringing.
The bowl of groceries that they
had up to the wife, the father
of the little boy greets his the
man's wife, or he.
Kisses his own wife, and the man
shakes her hand, and she invites
him inside. They have wine and
juice and.
Kind of. She starts to prepare
the meal that they all picked up
at the grocery store that day.
So she starts chopping up the
squash from earlier and
preparing a meal. She starts to
make some tea.
And she starts to roast a A
Turkey.
So they're all sitting down,
eating dinner, participating in
a lively conversation. He's
laughing. She's laughing as they
eat. At some point they break
out the musical instrument.
The man starts to pay play the
accordion, she starts to play a
flute. The boy and his dragon
start to play the banjo and and
sing, and the man shows the
little boy how to make a origami
dragon cat and he shows him how
to fold it. And the little boy
has the hat on, has the man's
hat on, and he's holding the
origami cat.
The man pulls out a vase and
offers it as a sign of
friendship for
Becoming such good friends with
the man and his wife.
So the next day the man wakes up
and he sees the vase.
On the windowsill that he put it
there, he wakes up in the
morning light.
Starts getting ready for his pet
Jumped onto his bed and.
He pets him, and then he starts
to get ready for the day. He
puts on his clothes, he cuts up
a fruit, gives some of it to his
pet, puts on his jacket, the dog
gives him his hat and he starts
to go out on his way.
And he heads out into the town.
In the town there are people
just going about their jobs.
They're scrubbing things.
And feeding animals like they
look like fish.
People are shopping, they're
Painting.
Selling things off of cart.
It looks like he's painting. He
has a paintbrush. Yeah, they're
fixing things, fixing clocks.
The man goes to several stores
and asks if they need help with
work. So he goes to somebody
that's a chef and he says, do
you need help? And they're all
holding up their hands in
protest, no, they do not need
help. He goes to.
Someone working on a rig of some
sort? No, she does not need
help.
Woman that sells types of
pottery. No she does not need
help and then he goes to the
boat yard and and they don't
need help either. #END_arrival_5
OK. So that was that part of the
story and moving on to the next
item, it's another story.
#START_return OK, alright, so
here we have the girl from
earlier. She we see the dad is
still working upstairs on
something. We see the red.
Kite from earlier or not from
earlier, but from like earlier
in the book and she's also
drawn. She has her red, her
orange crown on. We also see the
red, a red hot air balloon that
she got away with in the first
book. The dragon fly that was
pink, that is. You also must
have drawn a little picture of
and now she's drawing on the
wall, she's drawing another
door.
And she's got a ball and it
looks like she's going to go
through.
The hole.
So the dad finally looks up and
he looks down. He sees the kite
and he gets a little concerned
about his daughter and so he
goes to go find her and instead
he finds the red door that she
drew. So he's looking through it
and he's looking like he's going
to follow her through.
So he goes through and he goes
into that, the wood, the wooded
Lantern village that was there
last time, and he sees all the
trees, all the lights that have
illuminated the sky. He sees
that the the ball on the bridge,
and he walks towards the river.
Picks up the ball, and as he
does, a boat comes by, and looks
in the shape of a dragon.
Some sort, and as the boat
passes by the dock, the man gets
on board the boat with the ball.
And so now they're coming into
the the city we see he's still
holding on to the red ball, the
dad's still holding on to the
red ball, and the little girl is
now floating on the aqueducts in
her red boat. We can see that
the moon is a full moon. And
she's right below the full moon,
it just floating along in the in
the aqueduct in her red.
Red boat and the man starts
coming into the city to to dock.
So when he docks
He jumps off and she gets off
her. But at the same time, and
we see the little boy and the
king and the bird as well. And
the dad says, wait, wait up. And
so then they're in the palace
room and he wants to go and talk
to her and she does not want to
talk to him. She has her arms
crossed. She has her head turned
away and her eyes closed. The
king and the little boy look
very concerned for their friend.
They want her to be able to talk
to her father.
She is not interested in talking
to her father.
Umm.
Off of the boat.
Like a Trojan horse, that's
another.
Mean evil or evil person.
I think it might be the same
guards as before that want to
get the cray the the magic
marker is so they they step off
of the boat and they start to
chase after the king, the boy
and the girl and now the dad.
So the king.
Draws a sword and starts to.
Fight.
the guard or fight the.
knight with the hat, but he has
some sort of contraption that.
Sucks in all of the markers. So
he opens it up and he sucks in
all of the markers and takes all
of the markers off of the the
band that they had and now he
has it imprisoned and so the
other guards capture the king as
the evil knight runs towards the
girl, the boy and her dad.
The little boy draws a a Griffin
to fly away on and so they all
get on board the Griffin and get
away just in time for the OR
yeah, it's a Griffin of some
sort. And then as they all fly
away as the man reaches out to
go, as the evil knight reaches
out to get them and they fly
away into the night to safety.
Um, but as they do, the man, the
evil knight opens, He's fl he's
flying on the boat that now has
turned into a flying.
Contraption with wings and he
has his device that sucks in the
markers and he sucks in the pink
marker and the little boy loses
his pink marker.
And then the Griffin.
Gets sucked in as well because
of the drone. It's it's drawn by
the pink marker it's all get
sucked in there, and as they all
fall, the little boy is caught
by the king, but the dad and the
little girl are falling down.
Umm. And they fall into the
water. The little girl begins to
draw a submarine.
Um. So she draws the submarine
and they start to they're they
stay underwater under safety. As
she keeps on the lookout, the
dad goes down below the deck.
They go into a cave to hide out
and then they dock the the
submarine. They see all of these
contraptions, all all of these
these drawings all over the
walls of. We see the hot air
balloon, we see people.
That are participating in a
multitude of activities. There
are doors. I think we see
drawings of the king.
And her activities we're seeing.
It looks like the drawing of the
book because it looks like
there's a Griffin.
And one of The Cave drawings as
well. So we're seeing kind of
the book series get drawn out of
what the power of the markers
are.
So she points towards the.
One where she sees that.
Umm.
This particular drawing depicts
somebody has a marker and the
man with the horn. He plans to
suck up all of that power and
then dump that off somewhere.
Yeah.
So she's like, we have to go
alert.
People we have to protect the
bird because the bird is going
to be captured as well because
she sees that the bird is being
captured so she draw as the the
boat approaches capture them,
they draw a special or the dad
draws something to keep the bird
safe.
Um, which is a
It's a contract contraption that
as the guard or the evil knight
comes forward to go capture the
pink bird, the pink bird that's
caught inside of his like
spinning box, but he gets caught
inside of the cage and all the
walls of the cage come up and
the dad gets he gets in
possession of the knight's box.
And the night is trapped in the
cage.
Umm, so the dad breaks the box
and everything comes out. All of
the magic markers come out. The
Griffin is comes back, the bird
comes back out. We see a
butterfly, we see several
insects. We see a green rainbow,
a yellow rainbow, red. All of
the colors are unleashed and and
left back out. And the king and
the little boy are amazed that
they're both up, back out, that
everything's back out.
Of the box.
Umm so the Griffin then takes
the man, then evil knight in
his.
Cage and all of the birds and
the Griffin migrate back towards
the Kingdom. The octopus and all
of the guards go back, as well
as the king, the little boy, the
little girl and her dad. All are
in safety. The little girl hugs
her father. She's so happy that
he came to play with her and we
see the end of the kite, which
means that that is the way back
to their house.
Umm.
So they come back in to their
house. You see the light in that
in her dad's office from the
little door that opens up there
and we see the kite that is now
being played with by I'm
assuming them as they go out
into the world to go play with
their kite. #END_return
So that was the story.
We have two more. Let me just
open those.
Just a minute.
OK.
The next one will be a complex
scene.
Again, please describe.
This scene what you see and what
is happening.
Well, I think this is the first
one we did.
Ohh wait.
You are right.
OK, I wasn't sure if I was like,
oh, do we redo them?
No, I don't think so. That's
because it's a little out of
order. Thank you for
remembering, of course.
The last two, here we go.
Two scenes.
OK.
#START_being_a_pirate Alright,
so this is.
a Scene of pirates.
Um we see.
Two major pirate ships.
Yeah, so one of them could just
be a regular ship that is
against the pirates. So we see
one ship and one ship that has
skulls that are crossed on it.
So we assume that that's the
pirate ship.
Um and.
There are several boats.
That are all coming towards.
The one ship to board, so
they're all coming to board and
attack like each other's ship.
Um, there are cannons that are
going off to shoot down those
ships.
Um, there are several that have
sunk already, and the people are
in the water. There's an octopus
in the middle of the picture
that has picked up two of the
pirates.
Umm, we can almost kind of
understand or I don't even know
because some of the some of the
boats have flags as well.
They're skull cro. They are
skulls with crossbones.
And so they're about two of the
littler ships.
The smaller ships have.
The the flag.
So on the beach there are people
that are digging for treasure
and they seem to have found some
because they've opened it up and
it's nothing, there's nothing in
there. So they're going back
into the sea.
There are people that are in
blue and white striped.
Attire that are jumping into the
sea to save, either to escape
going to the beach or escape the
pirates, but they're jumping
into the sea.
And.
We see a pirate ship off to the
farthest right corner. There's
another pirate ship with red
designing and another Black Flag
with a skull, but with a skull
and crossbones on the flag and
on here as well we have.
People that are in a boat that
are in the boat escaping from
that.
They not escaping, but they're
pirates that have gotten off of
the boat that are going now to
attack another boat.
Umm.
We there is a cannonball that is
shot from one of the.
The smaller boat that ends up
shooting up into the crow's nest
of the big ship. This is to the
right middle of the page. A
cannonball has knocked several
of the people off. Umm. And then
there are some pirates that are
pushing.
The people that are just regular
sailors off of the crow's nest,
we can see that the crow's nest
has or the top of the ship has
white and blue striped flag. So
we can decipher that the blue
and white stripes of the.
Sailors. Those are the good
sailors and not the pirates.
Umm.
And uh.
We see several people on the
mast
That are all fighting against
one another.
There is another cannonball that
has escaped from the pirate ship
and knocked out a group of
escaping sailors all the way to
the left corner or the right
corner of the page at the very
top.
And then
We see that they have the
sailors have cannons as well as
they're trying to blow up the
the the pirates. At the head of
the sailors ship, there is a
mermaid, a gold mermaid at the
very head of the ship.
Umm.
There is also a person that's
hanging on rope and kind of
dragging himself towards the
boat.
To to aboard the boat.
#END_being_a_pirate
Umm.
OK, that's time.
OK, then we'll go on to the very
last item.
Alright.
#START_make_a_splash So this is
a amusement water park.
Umm, there are. To the left side
of the page we see several
different types of water slides.
There's a green water slide, a
yellow water slide, and a red
water slide. And it all comes
into one collective group water
situation that lots of people
are swimming in a big pool.
Um, there's a pirate ship with
the big yellow slide and water
guns that people can squirt
water off of into people below
them. Umm, there is a little boy
that is squirting a water gun
and blow it's hitting a little
pedestrian. There's a lifeguard,
and we can tell by her boy, her
red buoy, and her hat that she's
a little lifeguard as she
watches on. Behind the pirate
ship there is a.
Lazy river of some sort where
people are laying in their tubes
as they float around the river.
And.
Then we and they all just
relaxing in the water.
Next to the Pirate ship to the
right is a sea Dragon. Multi
colored sea dragon. Blow up
inflatable but lots of children
are playing on. There's a little
boy in pink swim shorts is
hanging on to his tail and
everyone's swimming in those.
There is a path from throughout.
There's like a a cement path
that people are walking on, and
then there's also wooden.
Blocks that you can use to cross
over. In that break. There's a
break in the cement, so you have
to cross over the wooden planks
in order to cross.
Um, there's another set of water
slides that are in a rainbow.
There's red, orange, yellow,
blue.
or green, blue and purple.
And they're they're.
In comparison to the other water
side, the water looked to be
that color.
No or the base of the water
slide seems to be that color.
There are mushrooms that people
are playing on. They're green.
There's a big green one and a
red one.
And a another inflatable water
serpent of some sort that's
green that a lot of children are
playing on.
The Lazy River kind of cuts
throughout the whole from the
top right of the page, all the
way down through the bottom left
of the page, there's a pink
elephant that is snorting water
onto the people below them.
There's a bridge that the lazy
river flows under where another
child is squirting a poor
innocent bystander with a water
gun. There is a green.
Patch of grass, for people to
lay on. People are walking or
cross the bridge and meandering
around on that little cement
path, but ultimately the
lifeguards are standing on there
and making sure that everyone is
being safe.
At the top of the green, yellow
and red slides, we also see that
there's a purple slide up there
as well, although we don't see
where the purple slide leads
out.
Umm, but there are people all
waiting their turn and waiting
in a line. There's the posts
that have been set up all the
way down a hill that people are
kind of waiting at for each of
those.
Umm, there are palm trees all
the all around the slides.
There's a lifeguard chair at the
base of where the ma
where all the palm trees are
there's a lifeguard chair, and
she's sitting and watching.
There's a Penguin going right
right up before the bridge.
There's a Penguin floating in
the inner tube.
Umm, there are children sitting
on their parent's lap. There's
one little girl in a life vest
that's right beneath the pink
elephant that's being squirted
on. She's sitting on her
parent's lap.
Um and.
We see there's another person
with yellow inner tube.
Got a front and a back for two
people. #END_make_a_splash
And that's about time. Thank you
for your time. Welcome.